For this exercise, the businesses executive leadership
would like to better understand aspects of data governance.
For each of several questions regarding data governance,
you were to provide one example policy or
initiative that would support data science projects in the production function.
I have provided two sample responses for each of the questions post.
Your responses may differ from mine, which is just fine.
The first question was,
how might the businesses production function promote data availability?
My responses are as follows: All employees could be given
read access to the data both directly and via platform, such as mode.
Training could be provided on an as needed basis through online resources.
The second question was,
how might the businesses production function promote usability?
First, comprehensive data dictionaries can guide
employees with regard to what data is available and how it is represented.
Second, a single source of truth data in
the warehouse can be supplemented with categories,
tags, and indexes to promote usability.
The third question was,
how might the businesses production function guarantee integrity?
First, checks could be built into ETL processes to
ensure that data accuracy is maintained as it is moved into the data warehouse.
Second, tracing steps can be built in so that any process is repeatable,
which will aid root cause analysis when things go wrong.
Finally, question number four was,
how might the businesses production function guaranteed data security?
First, it would be wise to train employees with
respect to proper methods for data handling,
data access, and data storage.
Second, all data should be maintained within
the firewall except when passed to the machine learning architecture.
At which point, you should guarantee encryption of that data both at rest and in motion.